**Combined License for `cookiecutter-ai-flock`**

This project, `cookiecutter-ai-flock`, consists of both software code
and documentation. The licensing terms for these components are as
follows:

**1. Documentation:**

Unless otherwise stated, the documentation of Marcos Aguilera-Keyser,
which includes (but is not limited to) markdown files, written content,
images, and design elements, is licensed under the Creative Commons
Attribution 4.0 International License (CC BY 4.0). To view a copy of
this license, visit
[http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).

Under this license, you are free to:

- **Share** — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format
- **Adapt** — remix, transform, and build upon the material for any
  purpose, even commercially

Under the following terms:

- **Attribution** — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to
  the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any
  reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor
  endorses you or your use.

**2. Software Code:**

The source code of `cookiecutter-ai-flock` (including but not limited to
Python scripts, HTML/CSS/JavaScript files, and other code files) is
licensed under the MIT License. The terms of the MIT License are as
follows:

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2024 Marcos Aguilera-Keyser

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
